Add PHP version requirement statement (#583)
composer/satis: README.md

## Run from source

> Satis requires a reasonable recent PHP version, it does not run with unsupported PHP versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Satis requires a recent PHP version, it does not run with unsupported PHP versions. Check the `composer.json` file for details.
```

Author: Sure.
